Shaman Guild:

Driven from the head hunter tribe by competative brutality and aggression,
the shaman of Eternal banded together. Their love of
nature bonds them.

Shaman are primarily a defensive guild.

Skills:
Generic: Shield, Dodge, Flee, Evade.

Profs:
staff, light axe, heavy axe, light club, heavy club,
hands, light polearm, heavy polearm, light flail,
heavy flail.

Natural Attunement:
A baseline skill that all shaman need.
It helps with everything. Also makes sure
your stuff doesn't go awry.

Nature can be a cold harsh mistress. Attempting to
control nature is the fevered dream of a madman. 
One moment she will shield you
in powerful lightning, the next that same lightning
is striking you down to the ground. Attunement with
nature allows the shaman to understand the ways of
nature so that it will benefit them the most. Thus
avoiding nasty surprises.

Fire Blast:
The most offensive of shaman spells. A skilled
shaman can blast a creature with flame igniting it.
The fire damage is not going to be extremely high,
however it will heat up weapons/armor. Causing the
monster to remove them. Thusly it's a disarm. Less
of an offensive spell.

Lightning Shield: Elemental air;
The caster calls down a lightning strike
which surrounds them them in a powerful
shield. Outside only.

Healing Rain: Elemental water;
The shaman calls down a powerful rain which
heals and revitalizes all that stand within
it. Outside only.

Earthquake: Elemental earth;
A skilled shaman can shake the ground beneath them.
Their attunement with nature allows them to maintain
their balance. While everyone else in the room is
shaken.

Imbue Shield;
Harnesses the powers of an element into a shield.
Options: Earth->chance to delay, Air->chance to lighting damage, 
Fire->chance to burn, Water->chance to heal. Will not work on
sharpened, enhanced, or magical shields. Will not work on
shields with a special already attached to them.

Shapeshift:
A skilled shaman is capable of shifting into different
animals. Unfortunately they will be unable to speak.
However the gain the power of that animal.
They are unable to wear armor or wield weapons.
The shamans spells are still useable as it is
still connected to nature.

Reincarnation:
Shaman are so well connected to the earth that they
can actually maintain their memories after death. 
Like fight or flight can only be trained
to 1. Instead of enhancing dodge it simply calls
make_me_ghost. Thus avoiding DeathSequence entirely.
Wipes all of the players unspent xp.
